feat: add support for tags to the `newrelic_entity` data source (#2682)
newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic: website/docs/d/entity.html.markdown

* `guid` - The unique GUID of the entity.
* `application_id` - The domain-specific application ID of the entity. Only returned for APM and Browser applications.
* `serving_apm_application_id` - The browser-specific ID of the backing APM entity. Only returned for Browser applications.

> * `entity_tags` - The entity_tags attribute in the New Relic Terraform provider is used to store the tags associated with a New Relic entity in a JSON string format within the Terraform state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `entity_tags` - A JSON-encoded string, comprising tags associated with the entity fetched. 
   * See the **Additional Examples** section below, for an illustration depicting the usage of `jsondecode` with the attribute `entity_tags`, to get the tags associated with the entity fetched.
```

* `guid` - The unique GUID of the entity.
* `application_id` - The domain-specific application ID of the entity. Only returned for APM and Browser applications.
* `serving_apm_application_id` - The browser-specific ID of the backing APM entity. Only returned for Browser applications.
* `entity_tags` - A JSON-encoded string, comprising tags associated with the entity fetched. 
   * See the **Additional Examples** section below, for an illustration depicting the usage of `jsondecode` with the attribute `entity_tags`, to get the tags associated with the entity fetched.

## Additional Examples

-> If the entities are not found please try again without providing the `type` field.

> ### Entity Tags
> 
> * The `entity_tags` attribute allows you to retrieve the tags associated with a New Relic entity. Tags are key-value pairs that help categorize and identify entities based on various criteria such as environment, team, project, etc.
> * Consider a scenario where you want to retrieve an entity and use its tags. Here's how you can access and process the `entity_tags` attribute.
>   
>   `data.newrelic_entity.foo.entity_tags` accesses the `entity_tags` attribute.
>   `!= null` checks if the `entity_tags` attribute is not null.
>   `jsondecode(data.newrelic_entity.foo.entity_tags)` decodes the JSON string into a list of objects.
>   `{ for pair in jsondecode(data.newrelic_entity.foo.entity_tags) : pair.key => pair.values }` iterates over each object in the decoded list and constructs a map where each `pair.key` is mapped to `pair.values`.
> 
> Here's an example of how to use this in a Terraform configuration:
> 
> ```hcl
> data "newrelic_entity" "foo" {
>   name = "Dummy App - Late'ncy"
>   domain = "EXT"
>   type = "SERVICE_LEVEL"
> }
> locals {
>   key_value_map = data.newrelic_entity.foo.entity_tags != null ? { for pair in jsondecode(data.newrelic_entity.foo.entity_tags) : pair.key => pair.values } : null
> }
> 
> output "key_value_map" {
>   value = local.key_value_map
> }
> 
> ```
> Let's consider an example where the entity has the following tags:
> 
> ```hcl
> env: production
> team: ops
> ```
> 
> In JSON format, the entity_tags might look like this:
> 
> ```hcl
> [
>   {"key": "env", "values": ["production"]},
>   {"key": "team", "values": ["ops"]}
> ]
> ```
> 
> The `local.key_value_map` would be:
> 
> ```hcl
> {
>   env = ["production"]
>   team = ["ops"]
> }
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the `entity_tags` Attribute to Fetch Tags Associated with the Entity

As stated above in the **Attribute Reference** section, while the attribute `entity_tags` helps retrieve tags associated with the entity fetched by the data source, the tags are returned as a JSON-encoded string and not a conventional list or a map, owing to a couple of design considerations; which is why one would need to use the Terraform function `jsondecode()`, along with the attribute `entity_tags` in order to convert the JSON-encoded string into a map with key-value pairs. 

The following is an illustration of the aforementioned scenario. It may be observed that a key-value pair version of the JSON-encoded string exported by `entity_tags` is written to the variable `key_value_maps` , using the `jsondecode()` function.

```hcl
data "newrelic_entity" "foo" {
  name = "Sample Searchable Entity"
  domain = "EXT"
  type = "SERVICE_LEVEL"
}

locals {
  key_value_map = { for pair in jsondecode(data.newrelic_entity.foo.entity_tags) : pair.key => pair.values }
}

output "key_value_map" {
  value = local.key_value_map
}
```
The value of `local.key_value_map`  would look like the following.
```hcl
{
  env = ["production"]
  team = ["ops"]
}
```

In order to prevent an error being thrown by the variable added if no tags are associated with the entity (consequently, the value of `entity_tags` is an empty string), the value of the variable may be conditionally defined in order to not throw an error, as shown below.

```hcl
locals {
  key_value_map = data.newrelic_entity.foo.entity_tags != null ? { for pair in jsondecode(data.newrelic_entity.foo.entity_tags) : pair.key => pair.values } : null
}
```

```

@abasha1234 can you please take a look at this change, commit this, and shift this section below all of the sections we have under **Additional Examples**?

Fantastic work on the explanation you've written, but this would be a bit too lengthy/elaborate, and we might want to keep this concise to just help the customer understand they would need to use `jsondecode()` with `entity_tags`; hence these changes :)

Author: Hey @pranav-new-relic thanks for feedback.
